Webpack Error Verbosity (#1251)
rooseveltframework/roosevelt: README.md

    - `npm run dev`
    - `npm run d`
  - Script is short for: `nodemon app.js --development-mode`

> - `npm run development -- --webpack=verbose`: Runs the app in development mode and enables webpack error handler to print verbose error to console. 

Reviewer: this documentation belongs in the "available command line arguments" section, not the npm run scripts section

  - Default shorthands:
    - `--dev`
    - `-d`

> - `node app.js -- --webpack=verbose`: Runs the app in development mode and enables webpack error handler to print verbose error to console. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `node app.js --webpack=verbose`: Enables webpack to print verbose errors to the console. 
```

  - Default shorthands:
    - `node app.js -- --wp=verbose`
    - `node app.js -- -w=verbose`

> - `node app.js -- --webpack=verbose-file`: Runs the app in development mode and enables webpack error handler to print verbose error to console as well as print a webpackError file to root containing the full error. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `node app.js --webpack=verbose-file`: Enables webpack to print verbose errors to the console as well as write a webpackError file to the app's root directory containing the full error. 
```

  - Default shorthands:

>     - `node app.js -- --wp=verbose-file`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `--wp=verbose-file`
```

>     - `node app.js -- -w=verbose-file`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `-w=verbose-file`
```

          "info": true,
          "warn": true,
          "error": true,

>           "verbose": false,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          "verbose": false
```
